{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Jon Stovell}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb240\sa240\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 StickiesSync
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 To set up StickiesSync, double-click on StickiesSync.scpt. Then when it opens in Script Editor, just click on the big green Run button.\
\
StickiesSync will prompt you with all the necessary explanations and instructions as you go.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb240\sa240\pardirnatural

\i\fs28 \cf0 \'93Hey, isn\'92t StickiesSync supposed to be an app? What is this .scpt thing?\'94\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 The .scpt extension is for plain AppleScript files. StickiesSync is written in AppleScript. Once upon a time, StickiesSync was distributed as an application, but Apple by default* no longer lets AppleScripts complied as applications run unless they have been \'93code signed\'94 by the developer\'97for which Apple charges the developer $100/year. I\'92m not going to pay that in order to give away freeware, so I had to turn StickiesSync back into a bare AppleScript again.\
\
* A user can still run an unsigned AppleScript application if they first select \'93Allow apps downloaded from: Anywhere\'94 in the Security pane of System Preferences, but I don\'92t advise using that setting. Switching to a plain script file seemed easier and better for everyone.}